What is the capital city of France?
What is the capital city of Germany?
What is the capital city of Italy?
What is the capital city of Spain?
What is the capital city of Portugal?
What is the capital city of Netherlands?
What is the capital city of Belgium?
What is the capital city of Switzerland?
What is the capital city of Austria?
What is the capital city of Poland?
What is the capital city of Czech Republic?
What is the capital city of Slovakia?
What is the capital city of Hungary?
What is the capital city of Romania?
What is the capital city of Bulgaria?
What is the capital city of Greece?
What is the capital city of Croatia?
What is the capital city of Slovenia?
What is the capital city of Serbia?
What is the capital city of Bosnia and Herzegovina?
What is the capital city of Montenegro?
What is the capital city of Albania?
What is the capital city of North Macedonia?
What is the capital city of Kosovo?
What is the capital city of Norway?
What is the capital city of Sweden?
What is the capital city of Finland?
What is the capital city of Denmark?
What is the capital city of Iceland?
What is the capital city of Ireland?
What is the capital city of United Kingdom?
What is the capital city of Estonia?
What is the capital city of Latvia?
What is the capital city of Lithuania?
What is the capital city of Ukraine?
What is the capital city of Moldova?
What is the capital city of Belarus?
What is the capital city of Russia?
What is the capital city of Turkey?
What is the capital city of Georgia?
What is the capital city of Armenia?
What is the capital city of Azerbaijan?
What is the capital city of Cyprus?
What is the capital city of Malta?
What is the capital city of Luxembourg?
What is the capital city of Liechtenstein?
What is the capital city of Monaco?
What is the capital city of San Marino?
What is the capital city of Vatican City?
What is the capital city of Andorra?
What is the capital city of Morocco?
What is the capital city of Algeria?
What is the capital city of Tunisia?
What is the capital city of Libya?
What is the capital city of Egypt?
What is the capital city of Sudan?
What is the capital city of Ethiopia?
What is the capital city of Kenya?
What is the capital city of Tanzania?
What is the capital city of Uganda?
What is the capital city of Rwanda?
What is the capital city of Burundi?
What is the capital city of Somalia?
What is the capital city of Djibouti?
What is the capital city of Eritrea?
What is the capital city of South Sudan?
What is the capital city of Chad?
What is the capital city of Niger?
What is the capital city of Mali?
What is the capital city of Mauritania?
What is the capital city of Senegal?
What is the capital city of Gambia?
What is the capital city of Guinea?
What is the capital city of Sierra Leone?
What is the capital city of Liberia?
What is the capital city of Ivory Coast?
What is the capital city of Ghana?
What is the capital city of Togo?
What is the capital city of Benin?
What is the capital city of Nigeria?
What is the capital city of Cameroon?
What is the capital city of Central African Republic?
What is the capital city of Equatorial Guinea?
What is the capital city of Gabon?
What is the capital city of Republic of the Congo?
What is the capital city of Democratic Republic of the Congo?
What is the capital city of Angola?
What is the capital city of Zambia?
What is the capital city of Zimbabwe?
What is the capital city of Botswana?
What is the capital city of Namibia?
What is the capital city of South Africa?
What is the capital city of Lesotho?
What is the capital city of Eswatini?
What is the capital city of Mozambique?
What is the capital city of Madagascar?
What is the capital city of Seychelles?
What is the capital city of Mauritius?
What is the capital city of Comoros?
What is the capital city of Cape Verde?
What is the capital city of Sao Tome and Principe?
What is the capital city of Burkina Faso?
What is the capital city of Guinea-Bissau?
What is the capital city of United States?
What is the capital city of Canada?
What is the capital city of Mexico?
What is the capital city of Guatemala?
What is the capital city of Belize?
What is the capital city of Honduras?
What is the capital city of El Salvador?
What is the capital city of Nicaragua?
What is the capital city of Costa Rica?
What is the capital city of Panama?
What is the capital city of Cuba?
What is the capital city of Jamaica?
What is the capital city of Haiti?
What is the capital city of Dominican Republic?
What is the capital city of Bahamas?
What is the capital city of Barbados?
What is the capital city of Trinidad and Tobago?
What is the capital city of Antigua and Barbuda?
What is the capital city of Dominica?
What is the capital city of Grenada?
What is the capital city of Saint Kitts and Nevis?
What is the capital city of Saint Lucia?
What is the capital city of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines?
What is the capital city of Colombia?
What is the capital city of Venezuela?
What is the capital city of Guyana?
What is the capital city of Suriname?
What is the capital city of Ecuador?
What is the capital city of Peru?
What is the capital city of Bolivia?
What is the capital city of Chile?
What is the capital city of Argentina?
What is the capital city of Uruguay?
What is the capital city of Paraguay?
What is the capital city of Brazil?
What is the capital city of China?
What is the capital city of Japan?
What is the capital city of South Korea?
What is the capital city of North Korea?
What is the capital city of Mongolia?
What is the capital city of India?
What is the capital city of Pakistan?
What is the capital city of Bangladesh?
What is the capital city of Sri Lanka?
What is the capital city of Nepal?
What is the capital city of Bhutan?
What is the capital city of Maldives?
What is the capital city of Afghanistan?
What is the capital city of Iran?
What is the capital city of Iraq?
What is the capital city of Syria?
What is the capital city of Lebanon?
What is the capital city of Jordan?
What is the capital city of Israel?
What is the capital city of Saudi Arabia?
What is the capital city of Yemen?
What is the capital city of Oman?
What is the capital city of United Arab Emirates?
What is the capital city of Qatar?
What is the capital city of Bahrain?
What is the capital city of Kuwait?
What is the capital city of Kazakhstan?
What is the capital city of Uzbekistan?
What is the capital city of Turkmenistan?
What is the capital city of Kyrgyzstan?
What is the capital city of Tajikistan?
What is the capital city of Thailand?
What is the capital city of Vietnam?
What is the capital city of Laos?
What is the capital city of Cambodia?
What is the capital city of Myanmar?
What is the capital city of Malaysia?
What is the capital city of Singapore?
What is the capital city of Indonesia?
What is the capital city of Philippines?
What is the capital city of Brunei?
What is the capital city of Timor-Leste?
What is the capital city of Australia?
What is the capital city of New Zealand?
What is the capital city of Papua New Guinea?
What is the capital city of Fiji?
What is the capital city of Samoa?
What is the capital city of Tonga?
What is the capital city of Vanuatu?
What is the capital city of Solomon Islands?
What is the capital city of Kiribati?
What is the capital city of Tuvalu?
What is the capital city of Nauru?
What is the capital city of Palau?
What is the capital city of Marshall Islands?
What is the capital city of Federated States of Micronesia?
Which continent is Egypt located on?
Which continent is Brazil located on?
Which continent is India located on?
Which continent is Australia located on?
Which continent is France located on?
Which continent is Canada located on?
Which ocean lies east of Africa?
Which ocean lies west of Africa?
Which ocean lies east of the United States?
Which ocean lies west of the United States?
Which ocean surrounds the Maldives?
Which ocean borders Chile to the west?
Which sea lies between Europe and Africa?
Which sea lies north of Turkey?
Which sea lies east of Italy?
Which sea lies west of Norway?
Which sea separates Saudi Arabia from Africa?
Which gulf lies between Iran and the Arabian Peninsula?
Which bay lies east of India?
Which gulf lies south of the United States?
Which strait separates Spain from Morocco?
Which strait separates Alaska from Russia?
Which strait connects the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean?
Which canal connects the Mediterranean Sea and the Red Sea?
Which canal connects the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean?
Which mountain range separates Europe and Asia in Russia?
Which mountain range forms a natural border between France and Spain?
Which mountain range runs along the west coast of South America?
Which mountain range includes Mount Everest?
Which mountain range stretches across northern Italy?
Which desert covers much of northern Africa?
Which desert is located mainly in Mongolia and northern China?
Which desert covers large parts of Botswana and Namibia?
Which desert is located in northern Chile?
Which desert covers much of the Arabian Peninsula?
Which river flows through Egypt?
Which river flows through London?
Which river flows through Paris?
Which river flows through Vienna and Budapest?
Which river flows through Baghdad?
Which river joins the Tigris in Iraq?
Which river forms part of the border between Mexico and the United States?
Which river is the longest in South America?
Which river is the longest in Africa?
Which river is often considered the longest in Asia?
Which river flows through Moscow?
Which river flows through Rome?
Which river flows through Prague?
Which river flows through Bratislava?
Which lake is the largest by surface area in Africa?
Which lake is the deepest lake in the world?
Which lake is the largest freshwater lake by surface area?
Which lake lies between Peru and Bolivia?
Which inland body of water is the largest in the world?
Which island country lies southeast of India?
Which island country is located in the North Atlantic and has Reykjavik as its capital?
Which island is the largest in the world?
Which country is both an island and a continent?
Which country occupies most of the Iberian Peninsula?
Which country occupies the western part of the island of Hispaniola?
Which country occupies the eastern part of the island of Hispaniola?
What is the highest mountain in the world?
What is the highest mountain in Africa?
What is the highest mountain in Europe?
What is the highest mountain in South America?
What is the highest mountain in North America?
What is the highest mountain in Antarctica?
What is the largest ocean on Earth?
What is the smallest ocean on Earth?
What is the largest continent by area?
What is the smallest continent by land area?
What is the most populous country in Africa?
What is the largest country by area?
What is the smallest independent country in the world?
What is the largest country in South America by area?
What is the largest country in Africa by area?
What is the largest country in North America by area?
What is the longest river in Europe?
What is the longest river in North America?
What is the highest waterfall in the world?
What is the largest hot desert in the world?
What is the coldest continent on Earth?
What is the driest non-polar desert in the world?
What is the largest coral reef system in the world?
What is the largest peninsula in the world?
What is the largest archipelago country in the world?
What is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea?
What is the largest island in the Caribbean Sea?
What is the largest city in Turkey by population?
What is the highest capital city in the world?
What is the southernmost continent?
What is the northernmost ocean?
What is the lowest point on land?
What is the largest bay in the world?
What is the largest gulf in the world?
What is the largest lake in South America?
What is the largest lake in Europe?
What is the largest lake in Asia?
What is the largest lake in North America?
What is the deepest point in the ocean?
What trench contains the Challenger Deep?
What is the highest active volcano in Europe?
What is the highest volcano in the world?
What is the largest rainforest in the world?
What is the largest tropical rainforest in Africa?
What is the largest plateau in the world?
What is the highest plateau in the world?
What is the largest delta in the world?
What is the widest river in the world by discharge?
What is the imaginary line that divides Earth into the Northern and Southern Hemispheres?
What imaginary line is located at zero degrees longitude?
What latitude marks the Tropic of Cancer?
What latitude marks the Tropic of Capricorn?
What circle of latitude lies near 66.5 degrees north?
What circle of latitude lies near 66.5 degrees south?
What is a piece of land surrounded by water on three sides called?
What is a group of islands called?
What is a narrow strip of land connecting two larger land areas called?
What is a narrow waterway connecting two larger bodies of water called?
What is the mouth of a river where it spreads into branches called?
What is the boundary between two drainage basins called?
What is molten rock below Earth's surface called?
What is molten rock that reaches Earth's surface called?
What is a low area between hills or mountains called?
What is a flat elevated landform called?
What is land reclaimed from the sea, especially in the Netherlands, called?
What is a seasonal wind system in South Asia called?
What is a large urban area made of several connected cities called?
What is the movement of people from rural areas to cities called?
What is the gradual wearing away of land by water, wind, or ice called?
What is the dropping of sediment by wind, water, or ice called?
What type of map shows borders, cities, and countries?
What type of map shows mountains, rivers, and physical features?
What type of map shows elevation using contour lines?
What type of map shows weather conditions?
What type of map shows population distribution?
What map feature explains symbols and colors?
What map feature shows the relationship between map distance and real distance?
What coordinate measures distance north or south of the Equator?
What coordinate measures distance east or west of the Prime Meridian?
What does GIS stand for in geography?
What is the study of Earth's physical features called?
What is the study of people, places, and human activity called?
What branch of geography studies maps?
What branch of geography studies climates?
What branch of geography studies landforms?
What branch of geography studies oceans?
What branch of geography studies soils?
What is a region with a common climate, vegetation, and wildlife called?
What biome is dominated by grasses and few trees?
What biome has permanently frozen subsoil?
What biome is characterized by cone-bearing trees and cold winters?
What biome receives very little rainfall?
What biome has high rainfall and dense vegetation near the Equator?
What climate zone is located near the Equator?
What climate zone lies between the tropics and polar regions?
What climate zone is found near the poles?
What is the name for long-term average weather conditions?
What is the name for day-to-day atmospheric conditions?
What is a large mass of moving ice called?
What is the process of turning fertile land into desert called?
What is the cutting down or clearing of forests called?
What is the planting of trees in an area where forest was removed called?
What is the artificial application of water to land called?
What is farming mainly for the farmer's own use called?
What is farming mainly for sale and profit called?
What is the total number of people living in an area called?
What is the number of people per unit area called?
What is the movement of people from one place to another called?
What is leaving a country to live elsewhere called?
What is entering a country to live there called?
What is a city with more than ten million people often called?
What is the official count of a population called?
What is the birth rate minus the death rate called?
What is the average number of years a person is expected to live called?
What is the number of deaths per thousand people per year called?
What is the number of births per thousand people per year called?
In which country is Taj Mahal located?
In which country is Machu Picchu located?
In which country is Great Pyramid of Giza located?
In which country is Colosseum located?
In which country is Petra located?
In which country is Angkor Wat located?
In which country is Stonehenge located?
In which country is Eiffel Tower located?
In which country is Acropolis of Athens located?
In which country is Mount Fuji located?
In which country is Mount Kilimanjaro located?
In which country is Uluru located?
In which country is Galapagos Islands located?
In which country is Great Barrier Reef located?
In which country is Serengeti National Park located?
In which country is Kruger National Park located?
In which country is Banff National Park located?
In which country is Yellowstone National Park located?
In which country is Torres del Paine National Park located?
In which country is Chichen Itza located?
In which country is Christ the Redeemer located?
In which country is Blue Mosque located?
In which country is Burj Khalifa located?
In which country is Forbidden City located?
In which country is Mount Rushmore located?
In which country is Alhambra located?
In which country is Neuschwanstein Castle located?
In which country is Table Mountain located?
In which country is Victoria Falls located?
In which country is Niagara Falls located?
In which country is Iguazu Falls located?
In which country is Lake Bled located?
In which country is Matterhorn located?
In which country is Mont Blanc located?
In which country is K2 located?
In which country is Dead Sea located?
In which country is Wailing Wall located?
In which country is Mount Olympus located?
In which country is Loch Ness located?
In which country is Cliffs of Moher located?
In which country is Sagrada Familia located?
In which country is Hagia Sophia located?
In which country is Mount Vesuvius located?
In which country is Pompeii located?
In which country is Ayers Rock located?
In which country is Komodo National Park located?
In which country is Ha Long Bay located?
In which country is Jeju Island located?
In which country is Mount Kenya located?
In which country is Okavango Delta located?
In which country is the city of Vancouver located?
In which country is the city of Osaka located?
In which country is the city of Munich located?
In which country is the city of Milan located?
In which country is the city of Krakow located?
In which country is the city of Alexandria located?
In which country is the city of Casablanca located?
In which country is the city of Durban located?
In which country is the city of Lagos located?
In which country is the city of Rio de Janeiro located?
In which country is the city of Medellin located?
In which country is the city of Guadalajara located?
In which country is the city of Melbourne located?
In which country is the city of Auckland located?
In which country is the city of Chiang Mai located?
In which country is the city of Ho Chi Minh City located?
In which country is the city of Marrakesh located?
In which country is the city of Kyoto located?
In which country is the city of Hamburg located?
In which country is the city of Porto located?
In which country is the city of Seville located?
In which country is the city of Nice located?
In which country is the city of Florence located?
In which country is the city of Bruges located?
In which country is the city of Bergen located?
In which country is the city of Gothenburg located?
In which country is the city of Tampere located?
In which country is the city of Split located?
In which country is the city of Cluj-Napoca located?
In which country is the city of Varna located?
In which country is the city of Thessaloniki located?
In which country is the city of Brno located?
In which country is the city of Kosice located?
In which country is the city of Debrecen located?
In which country is the city of Lviv located?
In which country is the city of Tbilisi located?
In which country is the city of Baku located?
In which country is the city of Isfahan located?
In which country is the city of Basra located?
In which country is the city of Jeddah located?
In which country is the city of Muscat located?
In which country is the city of Doha located?
In which country is the city of Lahore located?
In which country is the city of Mumbai located?
In which country is the city of Chittagong located?
In which country is the city of Kandy located?
In which country is the city of Pokhara located?
In which country is the city of Mandalay located?
In which country is the city of Da Nang located?
In which country is the city of Cebu located?
In which country is the city of Bandung located?
In which country is the city of Penang located?
In which country is the city of Darwin located?
In which country is the city of Valencia located?
In which country is the city of Lyon located?
In which country is the city of Naples located?
In which country is the city of Rotterdam located?
In which country is the city of Antwerp located?
In which country is the city of Basel located?
In which country is the city of Graz located?
In which country is the city of Gdansk located?
In which country is the city of Novi Sad located?
In which country is the city of Mostar located?
In which country is the city of Shiraz located?
In which country is the city of Aleppo located?
In which country is the city of Aqaba located?
In which country is the city of Medina located?
In which country is the city of Salalah located?
In which country is the city of Almaty located?
In which country is the city of Samarkand located?
In which country is the city of Bukhara located?
In which country is the city of Tromso located?
In which country is the city of Uppsala located?
In which country is the city of Cork located?
In which country is the city of Manchester located?
In which country is the city of Quebec City located?
In which country is the city of Cartagena located?
In which country is the city of Valparaiso located?
In which country is the city of Cordoba located?
In which country is the city of Cusco located?
In which country is the city of Arequipa located?
In which country is the city of Sucre located?
In which country is the city of Recife located?
In which country is the city of Salvador located?
In which country is the city of Montego Bay located?
In which country is the city of Sapporo located?
In which country is the city of Busan located?
Which country borders both Spain and France?
Which country borders both France and Germany?
Which country borders both Austria and Ukraine?
Which country borders both India and China?
Which country borders both Germany and Russia?
Which country borders both Brazil and Argentina?
Which country borders both Colombia and Peru?
Which country borders both Kenya and Tanzania?
Which country borders both Egypt and Tunisia?
Which country borders both Iran and Syria?
Which country borders both Saudi Arabia and Oman?
Which country borders both Thailand and Vietnam?
Which country borders both Laos and Malaysia?
Which country borders both Germany and Belgium?
Which country borders both Italy and Croatia?
Which country borders both Switzerland and Hungary?
Which country borders both Romania and Greece?
Which country borders both Norway and Russia?
Which country borders both Estonia and Lithuania?
Which country borders both Afghanistan and Iran?
Which country borders both Afghanistan and Uzbekistan?
Which country borders both Kazakhstan and China?
Which country borders both Mongolia and North Korea?
Which country borders both Ethiopia and Uganda?
Which country borders both Angola and Tanzania?
Which country borders both Botswana and Mozambique?
Which country borders both South Africa and Mozambique?
Which country is completely surrounded by South Africa?
Which country is completely surrounded by Italy?
Which city-state is completely surrounded by Rome?
Which river or waterway is associated with Grand Canyon?
Which river or waterway is associated with Shanghai?
Which river or waterway is associated with New Delhi?
Which river or waterway is associated with Bangkok?
Which river or waterway is associated with Seoul?
Which river or waterway is associated with Cairo?
Which river or waterway is associated with Lisbon?
Which river or waterway is associated with Bordeaux?
Which river or waterway is associated with Hamburg?
Which river or waterway is associated with Warsaw?
Which river or waterway is associated with Belgrade?
Which river or waterway is associated with Zagreb?
Which river or waterway is associated with Ljubljana?
Which river or waterway is associated with Sarajevo?
Which river or waterway is associated with Skopje?
Which river or waterway is associated with Sofia?
Which river or waterway is associated with Bucharest?
Which river or waterway is associated with Riga?
Which river or waterway is associated with Dresden?
Which river or waterway is associated with Cologne?
Which river or waterway is associated with Frankfurt?
Which river or waterway is associated with Budapest?
Which river or waterway is associated with Vienna?
Which river or waterway is associated with Bratislava?
Which river or waterway is associated with Washington, D.C.?
Which river or waterway is associated with New Orleans?
Which river or waterway is associated with Pittsburgh?
Which river or waterway is associated with Portland, Oregon?
Which river or waterway is associated with Buenos Aires?
Which river or waterway is associated with Sao Paulo?
Which river or waterway is associated with Manaus?
Which river or waterway is associated with Kinshasa?
Which river or waterway is associated with Khartoum?
Which river or waterway is associated with Moscow?
Which river or waterway is associated with St. Petersburg?
Which river or waterway is associated with Copenhagen?
Which river or waterway is associated with Dublin?
Which river or waterway is associated with Glasgow?
Which river or waterway is associated with Liverpool?
Which river or waterway is associated with Oxford?
Which sea or island group matches this description: Greece?
Which sea or island group matches this description: Australia and New Zealand?
Which sea or island group matches this description: north of Australia?
Which sea or island group matches this description: China and the Korean Peninsula?
Which sea or island group matches this description: east of Vietnam?
Which sea or island group matches this description: Sweden and Finland?
Which sea or island group matches this description: Denmark and Sweden?
Which sea or island group matches this description: south of Ukraine?
Which sea or island group matches this description: west of Turkey?
Which sea or island group matches this description: Ecuador in the Pacific Ocean?
Which sea or island group matches this description: Portugal in the Atlantic Ocean?
Which sea or island group matches this description: Spain off northwest Africa?
Which sea or island group matches this description: north of Scotland?
Which sea or island group matches this description: between Iceland and Norway?
Which sea or island group matches this description: east of Africa with Victoria as capital?
Which sea or island group matches this description: east of Madagascar?
Which sea or island group matches this description: south of Sicily?
Which sea or island group matches this description: south of Turkey?
Which sea or island group matches this description: northeast of New Zealand?
Which sea or island group matches this description: the Pacific Ocean as a U.S. state?
Which country contain the region of Patagonia?
Which country contain the region of Lapland?
Which country contain the region of Transylvania?
Which country contain the region of Catalonia?
Which country contain the region of Tuscany?
Which country contain the region of Bavaria?
Which country contain the region of Normandy?
Which country contain the region of Andalusia?
Which country contain the region of Flanders?
Which country contain the region of Wallonia?
Which country contain the region of Quebec?
Which country contain the region of Queensland?
Which country contain the region of Siberia?
Which country contain the region of Anatolia?
Which country contain the region of Cappadocia?
Which country contain the region of Sardinia?
Which country contain the region of Sicily?
Which country contain the region of Brittany?
Which country contain the region of Galicia?
Which country contain the region of Algarve?
Which country contain the region of Dalmatia?
Which country contain the region of Bohemia?
Which country contain the region of Moravia?
Which country contain the region of Silesia?
Which country contain the region of Jutland?
Which country contain the region of Cornwall?
Which country contain the region of Wales?
Which country contain the region of Scotland?
Which country contain the region of Burgundy?
Which country contain the region of Lombardy?
Which country contain the region of Bengal?
Which state, province, or region is Toronto located in?
Which state, province, or region is Montreal located in?
Which state, province, or region is Vancouver located in?
Which state, province, or region is Calgary located in?
Which state, province, or region is Winnipeg located in?
Which state, province, or region is Halifax located in?
Which state, province, or region is Sydney located in?
Which state, province, or region is Melbourne located in?
Which state, province, or region is Brisbane located in?
Which state, province, or region is Perth located in?
Which state, province, or region is Adelaide located in?
Which state, province, or region is Hobart located in?
Which state, province, or region is Los Angeles located in?
Which state, province, or region is Miami located in?
Which state, province, or region is Dallas located in?
Which state, province, or region is Seattle located in?
Which state, province, or region is Chicago located in?
Which state, province, or region is Boston located in?
Which state, province, or region is Las Vegas located in?
Which state, province, or region is Phoenix located in?
Which state, province, or region is Denver located in?
Which state, province, or region is Atlanta located in?
Which state, province, or region is Portland located in?
Which state, province, or region is Minneapolis located in?
Which state, province, or region is Nashville located in?
Which state, province, or region is New Orleans located in?
Which state, province, or region is Munich located in?
Which state, province, or region is Hamburg located in?
Which state, province, or region is Cologne located in?
Which state, province, or region is Florence located in?
Which state, province, or region is Naples located in?
Which state, province, or region is Venice located in?
Which state, province, or region is Barcelona located in?
Which state, province, or region is Seville located in?
Which state, province, or region is Valencia located in?
Which place is commonly known as the Land of the Rising Sun?
Which place is commonly known as the Land of a Thousand Lakes?
Which place is commonly known as the Rainbow Nation?
Which place is commonly known as the Emerald Isle?
Which place is commonly known as the City of Canals in Italy?
Which place is commonly known as the Big Apple?
Which place is commonly known as the Eternal City?
Which place is commonly known as the Windy City?
Which place is commonly known as the City of Light?
Which place is commonly known as the Mother City in South Africa?
Which place is commonly known as the Queen City of the Adriatic?
Which place is commonly known as the Pearl of the Danube?
Which place is commonly known as the Pearl of the Orient?
Which place is commonly known as the Lion City?
Which place is commonly known as the Garden City?
Which place is commonly known as the Mile High City?
Which place is commonly known as the Gateway to the West?
Which place is commonly known as the Venice of the North?
Which place is commonly known as the Forbidden City?
Which place is commonly known as the Harbour City?
On which continent is France located?
On which continent is Germany located?
On which continent is Italy located?
On which continent is Spain located?
On which continent is Portugal located?
On which continent is Netherlands located?
On which continent is Belgium located?
On which continent is Switzerland located?
On which continent is Austria located?
On which continent is Poland located?
On which continent is Czech Republic located?
On which continent is Slovakia located?
On which continent is Hungary located?
On which continent is Romania located?
On which continent is Bulgaria located?
On which continent is Greece located?
On which continent is Croatia located?
On which continent is Slovenia located?
On which continent is Serbia located?
On which continent is Norway located?
On which continent is Sweden located?
On which continent is Finland located?
On which continent is Denmark located?
On which continent is Iceland located?
On which continent is Ireland located?
On which continent is United Kingdom located?
On which continent is Estonia located?
On which continent is Latvia located?
On which continent is Lithuania located?
On which continent is Ukraine located?
On which continent is Moldova located?
On which continent is Belarus located?
On which continent is Russia located?
On which continent is Morocco located?
On which continent is Algeria located?
On which continent is Tunisia located?
On which continent is Libya located?
On which continent is Egypt located?
On which continent is Sudan located?
On which continent is Ethiopia located?
On which continent is Kenya located?
On which continent is Tanzania located?
On which continent is Uganda located?
On which continent is Rwanda located?
On which continent is Somalia located?
On which continent is Djibouti located?
On which continent is Eritrea located?
On which continent is South Sudan located?
On which continent is Chad located?
On which continent is Niger located?
On which continent is Mali located?
On which continent is Mauritania located?
On which continent is Senegal located?
On which continent is Ghana located?
On which continent is Nigeria located?
On which continent is Cameroon located?
On which continent is Angola located?
On which continent is Zambia located?
On which continent is Zimbabwe located?
On which continent is Botswana located?
On which continent is Namibia located?
On which continent is South Africa located?
On which continent is Mozambique located?
On which continent is Madagascar located?
On which continent is China located?
On which continent is Japan located?
On which continent is South Korea located?
On which continent is North Korea located?
On which continent is Mongolia located?
On which continent is India located?
On which continent is Pakistan located?
On which continent is Bangladesh located?
On which continent is Sri Lanka located?
On which continent is Nepal located?
On which continent is Bhutan located?
On which continent is Maldives located?
On which continent is Afghanistan located?
On which continent is Iran located?
On which continent is Iraq located?
On which continent is Syria located?
On which continent is Lebanon located?
On which continent is Jordan located?
On which continent is Israel located?
On which continent is Saudi Arabia located?
On which continent is Oman located?
On which continent is United Arab Emirates located?
On which continent is Qatar located?
On which continent is Kuwait located?
On which continent is Kazakhstan located?
On which continent is Uzbekistan located?
On which continent is Thailand located?
On which continent is Vietnam located?
On which continent is Laos located?
On which continent is Cambodia located?
On which continent is Myanmar located?
On which continent is Malaysia located?
On which continent is Indonesia located?
On which continent is Philippines located?
On which continent is United States located?
On which continent is Canada located?
On which continent is Mexico located?
On which continent is Guatemala located?
On which continent is Belize located?
On which continent is Honduras located?
On which continent is El Salvador located?
On which continent is Nicaragua located?
On which continent is Costa Rica located?
On which continent is Panama located?
On which continent is Cuba located?
On which continent is Jamaica located?
On which continent is Haiti located?
On which continent is Dominican Republic located?
On which continent is Bahamas located?
On which continent is Barbados located?
On which continent is Colombia located?
On which continent is Venezuela located?
On which continent is Guyana located?
On which continent is Suriname located?
On which continent is Ecuador located?
On which continent is Peru located?
On which continent is Bolivia located?
On which continent is Chile located?
On which continent is Argentina located?
On which continent is Uruguay located?
On which continent is Paraguay located?
On which continent is Brazil located?
On which continent is Australia located?
On which continent is New Zealand located?
On which continent is Papua New Guinea located?
On which continent is Fiji located?
On which continent is Samoa located?
On which continent is Tonga located?
On which continent is Vanuatu located?
On which continent is Solomon Islands located?
On which continent is Kiribati located?
On which continent is Tuvalu located?
On which continent is Nauru located?
On which continent is Palau located?
Paris is the capital city of which country?
Berlin is the capital city of which country?
Rome is the capital city of which country?
Madrid is the capital city of which country?
Lisbon is the capital city of which country?
Amsterdam is the capital city of which country?
Brussels is the capital city of which country?
Bern is the capital city of which country?
Vienna is the capital city of which country?
Warsaw is the capital city of which country?
Prague is the capital city of which country?
Bratislava is the capital city of which country?
Budapest is the capital city of which country?
Bucharest is the capital city of which country?
Sofia is the capital city of which country?
Athens is the capital city of which country?
Zagreb is the capital city of which country?
Ljubljana is the capital city of which country?
Belgrade is the capital city of which country?
Sarajevo is the capital city of which country?
Podgorica is the capital city of which country?
Tirana is the capital city of which country?
Skopje is the capital city of which country?
Pristina is the capital city of which country?
Oslo is the capital city of which country?
Stockholm is the capital city of which country?
Helsinki is the capital city of which country?
Copenhagen is the capital city of which country?
Reykjavik is the capital city of which country?
Dublin is the capital city of which country?
London is the capital city of which country?
Tallinn is the capital city of which country?
Riga is the capital city of which country?
Vilnius is the capital city of which country?
Kyiv is the capital city of which country?
Chisinau is the capital city of which country?
Minsk is the capital city of which country?
Moscow is the capital city of which country?
Ankara is the capital city of which country?
Tbilisi is the capital city of which country?
Yerevan is the capital city of which country?
Baku is the capital city of which country?
Nicosia is the capital city of which country?
Valletta is the capital city of which country?
Luxembourg is the capital city of which country?
Vaduz is the capital city of which country?
Monaco is the capital city of which country?
San Marino is the capital city of which country?
Vatican City is the capital city of which country?
Andorra la Vella is the capital city of which country?
Rabat is the capital city of which country?
Algiers is the capital city of which country?
Tunis is the capital city of which country?
Tripoli is the capital city of which country?
Cairo is the capital city of which country?
Khartoum is the capital city of which country?
Addis Ababa is the capital city of which country?
Nairobi is the capital city of which country?
Dodoma is the capital city of which country?
Kampala is the capital city of which country?
Kigali is the capital city of which country?
Gitega is the capital city of which country?
Mogadishu is the capital city of which country?
Djibouti is the capital city of which country?
Asmara is the capital city of which country?
Juba is the capital city of which country?
N'Djamena is the capital city of which country?
Niamey is the capital city of which country?
Bamako is the capital city of which country?
Nouakchott is the capital city of which country?
Dakar is the capital city of which country?
Banjul is the capital city of which country?
Conakry is the capital city of which country?
Freetown is the capital city of which country?
Monrovia is the capital city of which country?
Yamoussoukro is the capital city of which country?
Accra is the capital city of which country?
Lome is the capital city of which country?
Porto-Novo is the capital city of which country?
Abuja is the capital city of which country?
Yaounde is the capital city of which country?
Bangui is the capital city of which country?
Malabo is the capital city of which country?
Libreville is the capital city of which country?
Brazzaville is the capital city of which country?
Kinshasa is the capital city of which country?
Luanda is the capital city of which country?
Lusaka is the capital city of which country?
Harare is the capital city of which country?
Gaborone is the capital city of which country?
Windhoek is the capital city of which country?
Pretoria is the capital city of which country?
Maseru is the capital city of which country?
Mbabane is the capital city of which country?
Maputo is the capital city of which country?
Antananarivo is the capital city of which country?
Victoria is the capital city of which country?
Port Louis is the capital city of which country?
Moroni is the capital city of which country?
Praia is the capital city of which country?
Sao Tome is the capital city of which country?
Ouagadougou is the capital city of which country?
Bissau is the capital city of which country?
Washington, D.C. is the capital city of which country?
Ottawa is the capital city of which country?
Mexico City is the capital city of which country?
Guatemala City is the capital city of which country?
Belmopan is the capital city of which country?
Tegucigalpa is the capital city of which country?
San Salvador is the capital city of which country?
Managua is the capital city of which country?
San Jose is the capital city of which country?
Panama City is the capital city of which country?
Havana is the capital city of which country?
Kingston is the capital city of which country?
Port-au-Prince is the capital city of which country?
Santo Domingo is the capital city of which country?
Nassau is the capital city of which country?
Bridgetown is the capital city of which country?
Port of Spain is the capital city of which country?
Saint John's is the capital city of which country?
Roseau is the capital city of which country?
Saint George's is the capital city of which country?
Basseterre is the capital city of which country?
Castries is the capital city of which country?
Kingstown is the capital city of which country?
Bogota is the capital city of which country?
Caracas is the capital city of which country?
Georgetown is the capital city of which country?
Paramaribo is the capital city of which country?
Quito is the capital city of which country?
Lima is the capital city of which country?
Sucre is the capital city of which country?
Santiago is the capital city of which country?
Buenos Aires is the capital city of which country?
Montevideo is the capital city of which country?
Asuncion is the capital city of which country?
Brasilia is the capital city of which country?
Beijing is the capital city of which country?
Tokyo is the capital city of which country?
Seoul is the capital city of which country?
Pyongyang is the capital city of which country?
Ulaanbaatar is the capital city of which country?
New Delhi is the capital city of which country?
Islamabad is the capital city of which country?
Dhaka is the capital city of which country?
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital city of which country?
Kathmandu is the capital city of which country?
Thimphu is the capital city of which country?
Male is the capital city of which country?
Kabul is the capital city of which country?
Tehran is the capital city of which country?
Baghdad is the capital city of which country?
Damascus is the capital city of which country?
Beirut is the capital city of which country?
Amman is the capital city of which country?
Jerusalem is the capital city of which country?
Riyadh is the capital city of which country?
Sanaa is the capital city of which country?
Muscat is the capital city of which country?
Abu Dhabi is the capital city of which country?
Doha is the capital city of which country?
Manama is the capital city of which country?
Kuwait City is the capital city of which country?
Astana is the capital city of which country?
Tashkent is the capital city of which country?
Ashgabat is the capital city of which country?
Bishkek is the capital city of which country?
Dushanbe is the capital city of which country?
Bangkok is the capital city of which country?
Hanoi is the capital city of which country?
Vientiane is the capital city of which country?
Phnom Penh is the capital city of which country?
Naypyidaw is the capital city of which country?
Kuala Lumpur is the capital city of which country?
Singapore is the capital city of which country?
Jakarta is the capital city of which country?
Manila is the capital city of which country?
